OpenSSL FIPS validation Notes
=============================
[ Quoting: http://www.openssl.org/docs/fips/UserGuide-2.0.pdf ]

The OpenSSL FIPS Object Module validation is unique among all FIPS 
140-2 validations in that the product is "delivered" in source code 
form, meaning that if you can use it exactly as is and can build it for 
your platform according to a very specific set of instructions, then 
you can use it as validated cryptography.

The OpenSSL library is also unique in that you can download and use it 
for free. If you require source code or build process changes for your 
intended application, then you cannot use the open source based 
validated module -- you must obtain your own "Private Label" 
validation.

If the existing validated OpenSSL FIPS Object Module is almost what you 
need, but some minor modifications are necessary for your intended use, 
then it may be possible to retroactively modify the original validation 
to include those necessary changes. The process by which this is done 
is known as the "maintenance letter" or "change letter" process. A 
change letter can be substantially faster and less expensive than 
obtaining a new, independent validation. Modifications to the FIPS 
module to support a new platform (operating system or compiler) are 
often compatible with the change letter process.

At the time the OpenSSL FIPS Object Module v2.0 was developed, all 
Unix-like environments supported by the full OpenSSL distribution were 
also supported by the FIPS validated source files included in the FIPS 
Object Module. However, successful compilation of the FIPS Object 
Module for all such platforms was not verified. If any platform 
specific compilation errors occur that can only be corrected by 
modification of the FIPS distribution files (see Appendix B of the 
Security Policy), then the FIPS Object Module will not be validated for 
that platform.

Note that as a condition of the FIPS 140-2 validation no other user 
specified configuration options may be specified. This restriction 
means that an optional install prefix cannot be specified -however, 
there is no restriction on subsequent manual relocation of the 
generated files to the desired final location.


Build Project With This Feature
=============================== 
This template (feature/openssl) selects an alternative version of the 
OpenSSL recipe.  This alternative version is enabled by using 
PREFERRED_PROVIDER in the template.conf file to select the openssl-fips 
recipe.

Note: you may have to build OpenSSL-FIPS-140-2 for your target 
architecture.  Errors during the configuration or build process 
indicate that OpenSSL is not available and that you should prebuild the 
software. Instructions are provided in README.build within the layer.

In the case you have built OpenSSL-FIPS-140-2 you will need to set the 
value OPENSSL_FIPS_PREBUILT in your build's conf/local.conf file.  
You should set this to the path of the directory that contains the 
prebuilt components.
